Remove Neo Store, Rephrase F-droid section (#1821)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/android.en.md

    Signer #1 certificate SHA-1 digest: 23e108677a2e1b1d6e6b056f3bb951df7ad5570c
    Signer #1 certificate MD5 digest: dbbcd0cac71bd6fa2102a0297c6e0dd3
    ```
    
### F-Droid

![F-Droid logo](assets/img/android/f-droid.svg){ align=right width=120px }

> ==We do **not** currently recommend F-droid as a way to obtain apps.== F-Droid is often recommended as an alternative to Google Play, particularly in the privacy community. The option to add third-party repositories and not be confined to Google's walled garden has led to its popularity. F-Droid additionally has [reproducible builds](https://f-droid.org/en/docs/Reproducible_Builds/) for some applications and is dedicated to free and open-source software. However, there are problems with the official F-Droid client, their quality control, and how they build, sign and deliver packages, outlined in this [post](https://wonderfall.dev/fdroid-issues/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==We do **not** currently recommend F-droid as a way to obtain apps.== F-Droid is often recommended as an alternative to Google Play, particularly in the privacy community. The option to add third-party repositories and not be confined to Google's walled garden has led to its popularity. F-Droid additionally has [reproducible builds](https://f-droid.org/en/docs/Reproducible_Builds/) for some applications and is dedicated to free and open-source software. However, there are [notable problems](https://wonderfall.dev/fdroid-issues/) with the official F-Droid client, their quality control, and how they build, sign, and deliver packages.
```

    Signer #1 certificate SHA-1 digest: 23e108677a2e1b1d6e6b056f3bb951df7ad5570c
    Signer #1 certificate MD5 digest: dbbcd0cac71bd6fa2102a0297c6e0dd3
    ```

### F-Droid

![F-Droid logo](assets/img/android/f-droid.svg){ align=right width=120px }

> ==We do **not** currently recommend F-droid as a way to obtain apps.== F-Droid is often recommended as an alternative to Google Play, particularly in the privacy community. The option to add third-party repositories and not be confined to Google's walled garden has led to its popularity. F-Droid additionally has [reproducible builds](https://f-droid.org/en/docs/Reproducible_Builds/) for some applications and is dedicated to free and open-source software. However, there are [notable problems](https://wonderfall.dev/fdroid-issues/) with the official F-Droid client, their quality control, and how they build, sign, and deliver packages.

Reviewer 2: > ==We do **not** currently recommend F-Droid as a way to obtain apps.==

- Capitalized F-Droid.

Due to their process of building apps, apps in the official F-Droid repository often fall behind on updates. F-Droid maintainers also reuse package IDs while signing apps with their own keys, which is not ideal as it gives the F-Droid team ultimate trust.

> Other popular third-party repositories such as [IzzyOnDroid](https://apt.izzysoft.de/fdroid/) alleviate some of these concerns. The IzzyOnDroid repository pulls builds directly from GitHub and is the next best thing to the developers' own repositories. However, it is not something that we can recommend, as apps are typically [removed](https://github.com/vfsfitvnm/ViMusic/issues/240#issuecomment-1225564446) from that respository when they make it to the main F-droid repository. While that makes sense as the goal of that particular repository is to host apps before they're accepted into the main F-droid repository, it can potentially put you in a situation where an app you've installed from it no longer gets updates.

Reviewer 2: > While that makes sense (since the goal of that particular repository is to host apps before they're accepted into the main F-Droid repository), it can leave you with installed apps which no longer receive updates.
- Parentheses for embedded clause.
- Capitalized F-Droid.
- Adjusted for fluency.

> That said, the [F-droid repository](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/), as well as the [IzzyOnDroid repository](https://apt.izzysoft.de/fdroid/) are home to a lot of apps, so you can use them as a way to search for and discover open-source apps that you can then download through Play Store, Aurora Store, or by getting the APK from the developer directly. It is important to keep in mind that some apps in these repositories have not been updated in years and may rely on unsupported libraries among other things, which poses a potential security risk. You should use your best judgement when looking for new apps via this method.

Reviewer 2: > That said, the [F-Droid repository](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/) and [IzzyOnDroid repository](https://apt.izzysoft.de/fdroid/) are home to countless apps, so they can be a useful tool to search for and discover open-source apps that you can then download through Play Store, Aurora Store, or by getting the APK directly from the developer.

- Capitalized F-Droid.
- Adjusted for conciseness.

> It is important to keep in mind that some apps in these repositories have not been updated in years and may rely on unsupported libraries, among other things, posing a potential security risk.

- Added comma for embedded clause.
- "which poses" --> "posing" for fluency (stylistic preference to make the tense more natural).
